# current-emerging-trends

For the project, I was given most of the skeleton of the code for the machine-learning problem. Everything around the problem was done I just needed to program the agent to find its way through the maze correctly. This included adjusting variables and setting up the learning process. Most of what I needed to do was given to me in pseudo-code so I knew the basics of what I needed to do. Computer Scientists use the technology given to them to help solve real-world problems that they see. This can be any number of things from creating an app that helps people do things in their everyday life or creating an AI that's able to process large amounts of data and spit out a solution. The versatility of computer scientists is important because there can be any number of things they might go on to do. When I approach a problem as a computer scientist, my first instinct is to gather as much information as I can about the problem to better inform my decisions. Even if the information isn't directly related to the issue, it might come up in a way that increases the efficiency of your work or helps you find an outside-the-box solution. My ethical responsibilities include protecting the user's data and doing my best to create secure code that doesn't leak any personal information. This is also the duty I have to the organization because my work directly reflects their reputation. That's why its always important to your best work and to never cut corners when designing a system.
